Home Page Pg 1
Recipes Pgs 2-5
Gallery Pgs 6-9
Serving Size Information Pg 10
Quotes and Reviews Pg 11
Contact Infoormation Pg 12



Flan
    Material
        Pan, mixer,stove,aluminum,tin foil,round cake pan,
    Ingredients 
        -1 can (14 ounces) sweetened condensed milk
        -1 can (12 ounces) evaporated milk
        -1 teaspoon vanilla extract
        -3/4 cup sugar
        -5 large eggs
        -1/8 soft butter stick
        - Water 
    Instruction
        1)Grab your mixer and put both cans of milk
        2)Add the 5 eggs and the vanilla extract
        3)Mix thoose ingredients well and set it aside
        4)Grab your round cake pan and grease it with soft butter
        5)Preheat your oven to 350° 
        6)Turn on your stove to medium flame
        7)Put the pan on the stove and add the sugar to the pan
        8)Stir the sugar and wait until metled should look golden
        9)Pour the sugar around the round cake pan and wait until harden
        10)Bring back the mixer with the ingredients and pour it to the round cake pan
        11)Cover the top of the cake pan very well with tin foil
        12)Add water to a wide cake foil pan(This is a sepreat cake pan)
        13)Put the foil pan that has water in the oven
        14)Put the rounded cake pan over the foil pan that has water make sure the water is 2 inches tall from the cake pan
        15)Bake for an hour
        16)Take cake pan out of the oven take off the tin foil and cut around the edges to make sure its not stuck to the pan
        17)Let it cool for 30 min
        18)Grab a plate and put it on top the pan and carfully flip it over
        19)Now its ready to serve and eat
 Chocolate Chip Cookies:
1 cup of softened butter
1 cup of white sugar 
1 cup of brown sugar
2 eggs
2 teaspoons of vanilla extract
1 teaspoon of baking soda
2 teaspoons of hot water
½ teaspoon of salt
3 cups of all purpose flour
2 cups of chocolate chips
1 cup of chopped walnuts
Instructions:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees
Cream together the butter, white sugar and brown sugar until it is smooth
Beat in the eggs one at a time
Then stir in the vanilla
Dissolve the baking soda in hot water
Add to batter along with salt
Stir in flour, chocolate chips, and nuts
Drop by large spoonfuls onto ungreased pans
Bake for about 10 minutes in a preheated oven or until edges are nicely browned. 
Pumpkin Pie recipe :
1 can pumpkin
1 can of sweetened condensed milk
2 large eggs
1 teaspoon of ground cinnamon
½ teaspoon ground ginger
½ teaspoon ground nutmeg 1/2 teaspoon of salt
1 unbaked pie crust
Instructions:
Preheat oven to 245 degrees.
Whisk pumpkin, sweetened condensed milk, eggs, spices and salt in medium bowl until smooth
Pour into crust
Bake for 15 minutes
Reduce temp to 350 degrees and continue to bake for 35-40 m
Cool
Garnish as desires

Chocolate Covered Strawberries:
1 pack of strawberries
Chocolate of your choice that you could melt (dark chocolate, milk chocolate, white chocolate)
Instructions:
Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper
Rinse the packed strawberries
Pat dry with towels
In a microwave, place the chocolate in a bowl and melt it
If you don’t have a microwave, boil some water. Once the water is boiled, take another empty pot and place the chocolate.
Place the chocolate with the pot on top of the boiled water and stir the pot with the chocolate until it has melted.
Dip strawberry in chocolate and then placed on the lined bake sheet
Refrigerate until chocolate is set (for about 30 minutes).
Vanilla Cupcakes:

11/2 cups of all purpose flour 
1 teaspoon of baking powder
3/4 teaspoon of salt
1/2 cup of unsalted butter at room temperature
1 cup of granulated sugar
2 eggs
11/4 teaspoons of vanilla extract
1/2 cup of butter milk
Instructions:
Preheat the oven to 350° F. Line a 12-cup muffin tin with cupcake liners.
In a medium bowl, whisk the flour, baking powder, and salt together to combine. Set aside. 
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, 4 to 5 minutes. 
Add the eggs one at a time, beating on medium speed to combine, and scraping well after each addition. Beat in the vanilla to combine.
Pour 1/3 of the buttermilk into the batter and mix on low speed to combine. Add 1/3 of the flour mixture and mix to combine. Repeat two more times, until all of the liquid and flour is added and fully incorporated. 
Scoop the batter into the prepared pan using a #16 scoop (or just fill each cavity 3/4 of the way full). 
Bake the cupcakes until a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 20 to 22 minutes. 
Cool for 5 to 10 minutes in the pan, then invert onto a rack to cool completely before frosting and finishing.
Chocolate Cupcakes:
1 1/4	cups all-purpose flour
1/3	cup cocoa powder
1	teaspoon baking powder
3/4	teaspoon salt
1/2	cup unsalted butter, at room temperature
1	cup granulated sugar
2	eggs
1 1/4	teaspoons vanilla extract
3/4	cup buttermilk
Instructions:
Preheat the oven to 350° F. Line a 12-cup muffin tin with cupcake liners.
In a medium bowl, whisk the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and salt until they are well mixed
In a seperate bowl, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy for 4-5 minutes.
Add the eggs one at a time. Beat on medium speed to mix well together, Add the vanilla until everything is mixed well together
Pour 1/3 of the buttermilk into the batter and mix on low speed to combine. 
Add 1/3 of the flour mixture and mix to combine. Repeat two more times until all of the liquid and flour is added and mixed well together
Scoop the batter into the prepared pan using any comfortable utinsel
Bake the cupcakes for about 20-22 minutes
Insert a fork to see if the cupcakes are ready. If the fork comes out clean they are good if not let it bake for the needed time it has remaining
Finally invert the cupcakes to a rack to cool completely before frosting and finishing
Frost the cupcakes with your desire frost and decorate with the decorations you want. 
